Review introductions to template sync procedures (#3428)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_synchronizing-templates-with-an-existing-repository.adoc

[id="synchronizing-templates-with-an-existing-repository_{context}"]
= Synchronizing templates with an existing repository

> If you store templates in a repository under a version control system, you can configure {Project} to connect to the repository and to keep the templates between your {ProjectServer} and the repository synchronized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you store templates in a repository under a version control system, you can synchronize the templates between your {ProjectServer} and the repository.
```
